samples: matter: Added support for Wi-Fi in light-switch sample (#8426)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/matter/light_switch/README.rst

   :depth: 2

This light switch sample demonstrates the usage of the :ref:`Matter <ug_matter>` application layer to build a switch device that binds with lighting devices and changes the state of their LEDs.

> When configured together with the :ref:`Matter light bulb <matter_light_bulb_sample>` sample (or other lighting sample) and when using a Matter controller, the light switch can control one light bulb directly or a group of light bulbs remotely over a Matter network built on top of a low-power, 802.15.4 Thread or Wi-Fi network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When configured together with the :ref:`Matter light bulb <matter_light_bulb_sample>` sample (or other lighting sample) and when using a Matter controller, the light switch can control one light bulb directly or a group of light bulbs remotely over a Matter network built on top of a low-power, 802.15.4 Thread, or on top of a Wi-Fi network.
```

Support for both Thread and Wi-Fi is mutually exclusive and depends on the hardware platform, so only one protocol can be supported for a specific light switch device.

> In case of Thread, this device works as a Thread :ref:`Sleepy End Device <thread_ot_device_types>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of Thread, this device works as a Thread :ref:`Sleepy End Device <thread_ot_device_types>`.
```

    :end-before: matter_door_lock_sample_led1_end

LED 2:
   Identifies the device after sending the ``identify`` command to the endpoint ``0`` from the Matter controller device.
   The LED starts blinking evenly (500 ms on/500 ms off) when the Identify command of the Identify cluster is received.
   The command's argument can be used to specify the duration of the effect.

> LED 1-4 on nRF52840 DK, nRF5340 DK and nRF21540 DK, or LED 1-2 on nRF7002 DK:
>    Blink in unison when the factory reset procedure is initiated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LED 1-4 on nRF52840 DK, nRF5340 DK and nRF21540 DK:
   Blink in unison when the factory reset procedure is initiated.
   
LED 1-2 on nRF7002 DK:
   Blink in unison when the factory reset procedure is initiated.
```
I'd say these are two different scenarios, no?
Alternatively, if all LEDs blink:
```suggestion
All LEDs:
   Blink in unison when the factory reset procedure is initiated.
```

Author: That's the second case, thanks!.

Commissioning the device
========================

.. include:: ../lock/README.rst
    :start-after: matter_door_lock_sample_commissioning_start
    :end-before: matter_door_lock_sample_commissioning_end

Before starting the commissioning procedure, the device must be made discoverable over Bluetooth LE.

> By default, the device is not discoverable automatically upon startup and the proper button must be used to enable the Bluetooth LE advertising:

Reviewer 2: Actually, isn't it an oversight? We should probably fix it to start advertising automatically. Same for window-app.

Author: I remember that some time ago we wanted to trigger light switch advertising on button, as light bulb advertising starts again automatically. If we want to test both devices together we cannot control which device we will pair with controller without changing the default discriminator.

Author: But for window-app I agree, we should do that.

Reviewer 2: oh, right.

> By default, the device is not discoverable automatically upon startup and the proper button must be used to enable the Bluetooth LE advertising:
> * On nRF52840 DK, nRF5340 DK and nRF21540 DK use the **Button 4**
> * On nRF7002 DK use the **Button 2**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the device is not discoverable automatically upon startup.
Press the following button to enable the Bluetooth LE advertising:

* On nRF52840 DK, nRF5340 DK, and nRF21540 DK: Press **Button 4**.
* On nRF7002 DK: Press **Button 2**.
```
